feat: add ability to change the link on vmui (#71)
VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip

* FEATURE: add support MetricsQL to query builder. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/66).

> * FEATURE: Add the ability to change the link on [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/61).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: Add the ability to change the link for [Run in VMUI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui) button. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/61).
```
